Name: Muhammad Nur Faiz bin Mohd Aris
Phone No: +6017-2846474
Email: n.faizz7301@gmail.com
Address: Telok Panglima Garang, Selangor, Malaysia
Linked In: www.linkedin.com/in/muhammad-nur-faiz-mohd-aris

Personal Summary
A highly skilled undergraduate Electrical Engineering with excellent academic record and demonstrated great
experience in power systems, process control analysis, PLC technology, and software development. Proven track
record of contributing to technical projects, managing events, and supporting administrative tasks. Proven ability to
design optimized systems, conduct comprehensive analyses, manage large-scale events, and providing effective
team support in a team project. Available to apply my skills for full-time employment starting November 2024.

Education
Bachelor’s Degree (Hons.) Electrical Engineering (2020 - 2024)
Universiti Teknologi MARA (UiTM) Shah Alam, Selangor.
CGPA: 3.81
EDUCATION
Foundation of Physical Science (2019 - 2020)
University Malaya (UM), Kuala Lumpur.
CGPA: 3.72
MUET: Band 4

WORK EXPERIENCE:
1. Internship as Project Engineer at Auconpro Engineering Sdn. Bhd. (2023)
- Trainee of Auconpro Engineering Sdn. Bhd. office located at Subang Jaya in Project Management team.
- Assisted the project managing on PMU North Klang Straits (NKST) asset replacement and refurbishment.
- Contacted supplier for equipment enquiry and conducted Purchase Order (PO) documentation.
- Assisted in site visiting for project planning and attended Factory Acceptance Test (FAT) as representative of the company.
2. Game Coordinator - Football Association Selangor (FAS)
- Compiled participation records for each player on various football league under FAS such as the Women
- Selangor League (WSL), FAS League, FAS Super League, and Junior League.
- Managed registration of player and ensure the availability of players for the upcoming match.
- Gathered players for the Football Association Selangor (FAS) league match and monitored the flow of the match.
- Reported any circumstances or unattended event happening along the league.
3. Operator at warehouses
- Possessed extensive experience working with well-established e-commerce companies such as Lazada, Zalora, Shopee, and Ninja Van.
- Sorting and arranged items in the warehouses for delivery during morning shift.
4. Waiter at Nippon Sushi, Bandar Bestari, Klang, Selangor
- Conducted the floor managing process of the restaurant.
- Received orders from customers and processed them accordingly.
- Operated drinks station and prepared beverages for customers.

ACHIEVEMENTS

1. Swiss Smart Factory Certificate (2024)
Future Skills Talent Council (FSTC) Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) Integration With Internet Of
Things (IOT) training at Selangor Human Resource Development Centre (SHRDC).
Learning the fundamental of PLC as adaptation to real life factory usage using factory simulator.
Learning the IOT usage connected to gateway in Node-Red platform.
Practicing the use of Node-Red to monitor system’s power consumption and CO2 emission.

2. Degree (UiTM Shah Alam) (2020 - 2024)
Recipient of the Dean’s Award for academic excellence in every semester from the 1st semester to the 8th
semester (Vice Chancellor Award).
Completed Renewable Energy-Friends of the World open learning task.

PROJECTS
Design and Performance Analysis of Stand-Alone Microgrid Controller in Multi-Machine Power System
(2023 - 2024)
Designed an optimized PI controller for a PV-based stand-alone microgrid in a power system.
Implemented advanced system analysis to enhance system stability during Direct Current (DC) fault conditions.
Conducted MATLAB/Simulink software designing for a detailed analysis and simulation on the stand-alone
microgrid using optimized PI controller to utilize the system efficeincy.

Empirical Modelling and Controller Tuning of Flow Rate Control for a Liquid Flow System (2023)
Conducted a FOPDT based controller tuning model for flow rate control using several type of tuning method to
investigate the effectiveness of every tuning method on the plant in MATLAB/Simulink.

Optimal Capacitor Placement in IEEE 30-Bus Power System Using Evolutionary Programming (2023)
Analyzed power system data to identify optimal capacitor placement and capacity for minimizing power losses
and improving voltage profiles by using AI programming (Evolutionary Programming).

Sorting and Storing Factory Simulation (2022)
Designing a factory based on a simulator using Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) technology.
Conducting PLC coding on WinSPS-S7 software as the interface and simulate the PLC operations in Factory
IO simulator to simulate real life situation of the factory.

Safe Distance Device (2021)
Developed a device using Keil U-Vision5 software to program the C language coding for the STM/Arduino
microcontroller board.
Demonstrating the function of the Safe Distance Device prototype as a move to optimize the social distance
problem occurring during Covid-19 issues.

EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
Project Leader Assistant of 100MW Kerian Solar Farm Site Visit (2024)
Universiti Teknologi Mara (UiTM)
Led the site visit hosted by ENGIE South East Asia at Kerian Solar Farm, Perak.

International Talk - Women in Engineering (2022)
Institution of Engineering Malaysia (IEM).
Talk on discussion of women opportunity and growth in engineering field.

Forum : Kesukarelawanan Kebangsaan (2021)
Ministry of High Education.
Talk on national volunteering events hosted by Majlis Kesukarelawanan Universiti Malaysia (MASKUM).

Forum : Wacana Semarak Patriotisme (2021)
Universiti Teknologi Mara (UiTM)
Talk hosted by UiTM’s Curriculum Unit as symbolic to national independent month.

UPM English Debate Competition (2014)
Sekolah Menengah Sains Banting, Selangor.
Participated in english debate events hosted by University Putra Malaysia (UPM).
